[Music]
In this era of rising healthcare costs and medical inflation, traditional health
insurance plans are no longer sufficient.  Therefore, keeping
in mind the increasing demand of consumers,
ICICI LBD has launched Elevate Plan.
This is a revolutionary and
AIBS health insurance product that is
set to completely transform the health coverage experience.  Elevate is the
first product in the insurance industry to
leverage AI,
harnessing the power of artificial intelligence to provide
personalized insurance coverage tailored to any need.
Its smart features
and personalized add-on features allow
customers to
create their own health plan according to their unique lifestyle.  So that
their insurance plan keeps
changing according to their needs.  This feature
ensures that no matter how high the medical costs are.
In such a situation, customers can
get unlimited protection i.e. insurance coverage.  In such a situation, no matter how much the expenses increase, the
coverage will not decrease.  It also covers
all people with chronic diseases like asthma, diabetes or high
blood pressure through add-ons.  In
which you can
start taking insurance benefits in just 30 days.
This is
much shorter than the industry's typical wait of 3 years.  In such a situation, it is being
seen as a big change.  So are
you also thinking of taking this health insurance plan
?
Please let us know in the comment section.